What about you? You're already married.
Why are you so nervous if there is no wedding?
Are you not nervous? Xiaoyun and I went all over town at that time and didn’t hold any weddings.
It's my first time too. What?
It's your first time too. You, my brother and sister-in-law, Chen Yun, are at a huge loss.
The beautiful lady is here. This is too beautiful.
If you were as bad as before,
If you bully my siblings again, be careful I break your legs.
Move one, and you follow me. They didn’t hold a wedding and didn’t notify us,
Isn’t it too interesting? Just like Sister Xian, just in case.
Nonsense, no comment
Even if it’s a second marriage, I’ll be dead forever.
Okay, don't take it personally.
Then hurry up and eat one.